Draft format of the Power of Attorney to be executed by the borrower authorising the Power of 
Attorney holder to execute the loan documents or to create equitable mortgage  
ANNEXURE – V to Circular 8207/2016  dated 13.12.2016
[To be stamped as a Power of Attorney as per applicable State Stamp Act, within three months from 
the date on which it is received in India]  
POWER OF ATTORNEY  
Know all men these presents that I Smt
SANNAPANENI PRASANTHI W /O.
Sannapaneni Siva Reddy  
aged 38 years , (Aadhar No.8298 1889 5489)  residing at Door No.8 -192/1, Sri Venkateswara 
recidency, Myitri nagar, Kanuru, Penamaluru Mandal, Krishna Dist.
At present : Door No.5 -23, Flat 
No.304, Sri Swarna Residency, Gummadi Thota, Sri Rama Nagar, 1st Line, Kanuru, Near PVP 
Siddhartha Engineering College, Kanuru, Vijayawada, Krishna.
And Residing at  : Cyient  Silmukkatie 
2, FI-65100 Vaasa, Finland  do hereby appoint Sri SANNAPANENI SIVA REDDY, S /O. S. Krishna Reddy, 
aged 46 years residing at Door No.8 -192/1, Sri Venkateswara recidency, Myitri nagar, Kanuru, 
Penamaluru Mandal, Krishna Dist.
(Aadhar No. 8922 6194 1601) as my attorney to act in my name 
and on my behalf.
WHEREAS “Canara Bank” a Bank constituted under Banking Companies (acquisition and transfer of 
undertakings) Act, 1970 having its Head Office at No. 112, JC Road, Bangalore – 560002, India and 
having amongst others, Branch Office/RAH at  RETAIL ASSET HUB -1 BRANCH /VIJAYAWADA  herein 
after termed as 'the Bank’ (which expression shall mean and include their successors, executives, 
administrators, assignor, employees, agents and attorneys etc.) granted/ agreed to grant Housing 
Loan to the tune of Rs.70,00,000/ - (Rupees Seventy lakhs only) /for purchase / acquisition of the 
property more particularly described in the Schedule hereunder (hereinafter referred to as the 
Scheduled property) to me/us, AND WHEREAS to avail the Housing Loan I/We am/ are required as 
per sanction to execute the necessary documents and also create a security by way of mortgage by 
depositing title deeds, for the aforesaid Housing Loan.
AND
WHEREAS being outside the India, I/We am/are not in a position to expeditiously execute the 
documents and create security in favour of Canara Bank and are therefore desirous of appointing 
some fit & proper person to act on my/our behalf and to do all necessary acts and things in 
connection with the aforesaid.
NOW THESE PRESENTS WITNESSETH
THAT I /
We do hereby nominate, constitute and appoint Sri 
SANNAPANENI SIVA REDDY, S /O. S. Krishna Reddy , whose photograph is pasted below, to be 
my/our lawful and true Attorney for the purposes hereinafter expressed, i.e., to execute all the 
necessary agreements, deeds, documents, AOD in connection with the above referred Housing Loan 
in favour of Canara Bank in my/our name and for and on our behalf in such form as Canara Bank may 
require and lodge the documents with appropriate Statutory/ Administrative or other authorities 
wherever necessary.
➢ To appoint Advocates, Solicitors in connection with the above and pay their remuneration.
➢ To deposit the original title deeds with respect to the Scheduled property to CANARA BANK 
with an intention to create security thereon as and by way of mortgage by deposit of title 
deeds and also to make a undertaking to the above effect while delivering the title deeds for 
and on my/our behalf and subsequently confirm such deposit of title deeds to CANARA 
BANK by execution of Letter Evidencing Deposit Of Title Deeds and MODTD along with 
Schedule A & B.  
➢
To admit/ present for execution of the sale deed/ MODTD before the Registrar/ Sub -
Registrar of Assurance or any Authority as may be required for the purpose.
➢ To apply for, appear and obtain necessary clearance and /or permission from the concerned 
authorities concerning the Scheduled property, in connection with the above referred 
Housing Loan and submit the same to the Bank wherever necessary.
➢ To do all the necessary things and acts in connection with and/or incidental to the above 
stated matters which my/our Attorney deems fit and necessary to do to effectuate the 
aforesaid.
➢
The Attorney is authorized — to sign and execute sale deed/deeds,   Rectification 
Deed,Ratification Deed,gift Deed,Settlement Deed, Agreement of Sale Etc., in my name and 
to receive the sale consideration from the concerned proposed vendee/s or any other 
considerations and to present the same for registration before the registrar of concerned 
registrar office and thereto admit execution etc., and do all necessary acts in such connection.
To develop the property, to construct the apartments for which to apply for the        necessary 
sanctions, clearances etc., from the concerned authorities, govt., and other statutory authorities 
as   Panchayat, Courts and Tribunals etc.
And I hereby agree that all acts, deeds and things lawfully done by my said attorney shall be 
construed as acts, deeds and things done by me up to the right of my share of the said property 
and I undertake, to ratify and confirm all and whatsoever that my said attorney shall lawfully do 
or cause to be done for me by virtue of this Power given by me.
AND I/
We  Smt.
SANNAPANENI  PRASANTHI W /O.
Sannapaneni Siva Reddy  (State the name(s) of 
the Borrower/s) do hereby undertake to ratify whatever the Attorney may lawfully do or cause to be 
done in and by virtue of these presents.
Please paste the 
Photograph of the 
Power of Attorney 
holder here.
(PHOTOGRAPH OF THE POWER OF ATTORNEY HOLDER)
SCHEDULE (Give detailed description of the property)  
Krishna District, Patamata Sub Registry, Penamaluru  Mandal ,Kanuru  Grama Panchayat area, Kanuru 
Village, in R.S. No.
122/3   an undivided joint share of 76.44  sq. yards or 63.91  sq. meters in a total 
extent of 3057.88 sq. yards or 2556.78  sq. meters of site within the following boundaries:  
East: Panchayath Road  
South: Property of Gutthikonda Damayanthamma  
West: Panchayath Road  
North:  Property of Gullapalli Srinu Babu and Gullapalli SasiPurnima  
  
And Flat No. 304 in a plinth area of 1700  sft.
Common Area of 250 Sft,  In Second floor of                                 
“ Sri SWARNA RESIDENCY ” in the aforesaid total site, 250sft.
Car parking in Cellar along with all 
amenities etc. within the following boundaries:  
East: Open to Sky  
South: Open to Sky  
West: Common Corridor, Staercase and Flat No.301,  
North: Open to Sky , Flat No.303  
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I/We, the above named have hereunto set my/our respective hands on 
this.........day of.............. 2025  
 
Signed, sealed by the within named  
Signature(s) of the Borrower(s):  
 
 
Witness:  
1.  
2.  
Before Me  
Notary Public/Magistrate.
Note: The photograph of the Power of Attorney holder needs to be attested by the executants of the 
Power of Attorney
